[RA2 Ch3] Device Plugin Framework (#2152)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter03.md

> This chapter should describe considerations about hardware topology
management.

<a name="3.2.1.6"></a>
#### 3.2.1.6 Device Plugin Framework

> [Device Plugin Framework](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins/) advertises system hardware resources to kubelet with which vendors can implement plugins for devices that may require vendor-specific activation and life cycle management, and securely mapping those devices to containers.

Reviewer: Minor typo:
```suggestion
[Device Plugin Framework](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins/) advertises device hardware resources to kubelet with which vendors can implement plugins for devices that may require vendor-specific activation and life cycle management, and securely map these devices to containers.
```
